![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: January 25, 2023
- Time: 1:00 pm US EDT

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order @ 1:02 PM US EDT

## Roll call

All participants recorded their attendance on the OASIS meeting calendar. 
All participants were kindly encouraged to register themselves to optimize the use of the shared time during the meeting in one of two ways:
•	Clicking the link with the text "Register my attendance" on the top of the event page.
•	Or directly visiting the per event direct "record my attendance link." 

Quorum was reached.


## Participants

- Feng Cao, Oracle (Voting Member)
- Duncan Sparrell, sFractal Consulting LLC (Voting Member)
- Stefan Hagen, Individual (Voting Member)
- Rhonda Levy, Cisco Systems (Voting Member)
- Justin Murphy, CISA (Voting Member)
- Diane Morris, Cisco Systems (Voting Member)
- Denny Page, TIBCO Software, Inc. (Voting Member)
- Thomas Schmidt, Federal Office for Information Security BSI (Voting Member)
- Omar Santos, Cisco Systems (Chair)
- Michael Reeder, Dell (Member)
- Vijay Sarvepalli, Carnegie Mellon University (Voting Member)
- Russ Selph, TIBCO Software Inc. (Voting Member)
- Martin Prpic, Red Hat (Voting Member)


### Observers present

None

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

## Agenda
- Roll Call via sef-registration
- Approval of [TC Working Meeting Minutes of Wednesday, January 18 2023](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/blob/master/meeting_minutes/2023/2023-01-18.md)
- Standards discussion
- Tools and training and adoption
- Discuss Next Steps
- Adjourn

## Meeting Notes

Quorum was reached. 
- Thomas Schmidt set 2 motions for approval:
  - 1) January 18, 2023, TC Working Meeting minutes 
  - 2) Today’s agenda.
- Stefan second the motions
- No objections
- Motions for minutes and agenda approved.

- Standards discussion:
  - ISO or ITU vote was 3 votes for ITU and 3 votes for ISO.
  - The consensus from the TC Team was to discuss the standards a bit more and then vote.
  - Highlights of the discussion include:
  - Justin: Based on discussions with leadership in vulnerability spaces, he was strongly encouraged to support an ISO vote.  
  - Government affairs people (auditors) contacted all encouraged ISO; and concept of SBOM mandatory for ISO.   
  - Based on a plethora of emails, including Jane from Oasis, effort will be required from Oasis and we will be required to answer questions and not do the work. 
  - Denny presented the motion to approve Oasis go to ISO standard as path.
  - Stefan and Thomas second motion.
  - Duncan abstained. 
  - No objections
  - Motion approved. 

- Tools training and adoption.
  - Thomas created a CSAF lister and if you want to be on it reach out to him.
  - Duncan – does this group have a website for communication of work. News section?  
  - Thomas does not have a news section.  Not sure if linked?  Maybe we can add it there.  Thomas taking on action to check on that. 
  - The team liked the idea of a news section.  
  - Thomas suggested putting  out good words about CSAF – never have too much to talk about it.  
  - Training in Dec in the US and we may have one in Europe this year.  
  - If anyone has any tools to share, please let the team know.
  - Duncan – EUs is in the process of Cyber Resilience Act (the CRA)  law, and getting push back from open-source community.  
  - More expensive, perception in industry at large, CSAF a cost burden. 
  - May be complaints as people will be forced and it will have a cost.  
  - Stefan observed similar items as Duncan.  Complaints about configuration management.  
  - Thomas Cyber Resilience Act (the CRA) – if your company is participating it would be good to say something good about CSAF. 

## Next Steps
- RE ISO next steps:
  - Stefan and Thomas will, on behalf of the TC, draft terms of submission (request form).
  - 2-page form to complete / filled in for a special majority vote to Oasis committee. 
  - Thomas will work with Stefan to complete the two-page forms and present to TC as an email or in the next meeting to discuss majority vote.

## Adjourn
The meeting adjourned at 1:53PM US EDT.

Note: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 1:00 PM US EDT.     
The next meeting will be held on February 22, 2023.  
