![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: July 30, 2025
- Time: 17:00 UTC (19:00 CEST, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PDT)

## Call to Order and Welcome

- Meeting called to order.

## Roll call

- Using OQC tool to track attendance and voting status.

## Participants

Quorum requires participation of 7 or more of the 13 voting members (including the officers).

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role          | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|:--------|
| Christian  | Banse       | Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft e.V. - Fraunhofer AISEC             | Voting Member | No      |
| Christoph  | Plutte      | Ericsson AB                                                 | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Dina       | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Member        | Yes     |
| JD         | Stefaniak   | Dell                                                        | Voting Member | No      |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair      | Yes     |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Michael    | Reeder      | Dell                                                        | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair      | Yes     |
| Sergii     | Demianchuk  | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | Yes     |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Co-Chair      | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Proell      | Siemens AG                                                  | Member        | No      |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | No      |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Tobias     | Limmer      | Siemens AG                                                  | Member        | Yes     |
| Vijay      | Sarvepalli  | SEI                                                         | Member        | No      |
| Vivek      | Nair        | Microsoft Corporation                                       | Voting Member | Yes     |

### Observers present

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

### Quorum

- Quorum was reached (11 voting members present).

## Agenda

## Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

### Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

### Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

- Sergii Demianchuk

### Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

- Christian Banse
- JD Stefaniak

### Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

- Feng Cao
- Tobi Limmer

### Members who have declared a leave of absence

## Meeting Notes

### GitHub Issues & Pull Requests

#### CSAF Documentation GitHub Repository

- PR [#88](https://github.com/oasis-open/csaf-documentation/pull/88)
  - Motion set and passed already, but PR is still in Draft form pending Thomas Schmidt review. Thomas Schmidt will merge the PR.

- PR [#90](https://github.com/oasis-open/csaf-documentation/pull/90)
  - Thomas Schmidt sets the motion to approve the pull request to post the information and CFP for 2025 CSAF Community Days.
  - Stefan seconds. No discussion, no objections. Motion passed.

#### OASIS TC CSAF Repository

- PR [#1108](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/1108)
  - Thomas Schmidt presents PR [#1108](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/1108) which will serve as the feedback loop/comment resolution to bring back into our master branch.
    - Contains the comments we received during the public review for CSD-01.
    - Good amount of non-material changes and formatting adjustments.
  - Nexts steps are to implement the open issues from the public review.
    - A few topics for TC discussion, and a few that are ready for motions.
  - The next editor revision should be prepared by our August meeting.
  - As there are material questions, we will go to a draft again for another round of public review
  - Outstanding issues include CVSS and SSVC. Working with those communites to have a good solution.
- PR [#1086](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/1086)
  - Christoph Plutte presents the issue suggesting to add a `qualitative_severity_rating` to the metric element, while still emphasizing CVSS score is preferred option.
  - Thomas suggests that if we are to have a `qualitative_severity_rating`, it could be good to have fixed categories with guidance on what category should be used.
  - Christoph agrees that it is a good idea to have fixed values.
  - Feng mentions the Provider Urgency field in CVSS v4.0 where the vendor can provide their opinion on if something is very important or not important.
  - Christoph will work with the editors, Thomas and Stefan, to work on an implementation of the `qualitative_severity_rating` and draft guidance.

## Other Business

- 2025 CSAF Community Days scheduled for November 13-14 (calendar week 46), 2025 in Nuremberg, Germany.
  - Thomas Schmidt sets the motion that the 2025 CSAF Community days occur in calendar week 46 under the umbrella of OASIS and tasks the TC officers to work with OASIS staff and necessary parties to plan the event.
  - Omar seconds. No discussion, no objections. Motion passed.
- Omar makes the suggestion that he could potentially host a US-based sessions or "watch party".
  - Sergii supports the suggestion of a "watch party" for TC members who are not able to attend in Germany.
- Thomas Schmidt mentions the idea of having a US-based version of the CSAF workshops and Community Days in the Spring of 2026.
- Omar asks about funding sources for the Community Days.
  - Thomas mentions that we are in need of funding and requests TC members to go talk to the finance people in the TC members respective organizations to see if there is money available to support the Community Days.
  - Sonny announces that Huawei is able to provide 10,000 Euros for the event.
  - Omar asks what the approximate budget will be?
  - Thomas responds that last year the workshops were approximately 40,000 Euros and that Siemens sponsored the food.
  - Omar mention tasking the OASIS Staff with coming up a funding FAQ for potential sponsors.
- 2025 CSAF Community Days Program Committee
  - Thomas sets the motion to have a program committee consisting of three people for the 2025 CSAF Community Days with Justin Murphy serving as the Program Chair.
  - Omar seconds. No discussion, no objections. Motion passed.
  - Thomas asks for two volunteers to serve on the program committee with Justin.
  - Sonny van Lingen and Tobi Limmer volunteer.
  - Thomas Schmidt sets the motion to accept Sonny van Lingen and Tobi Limmer to be members of the program committee for the 2025 CSAF Community Days.
  - Stefan seconds. No discussion, no objections. Motion passed.
- 2025 CSAF Workshops
  - Thomas sets the motion to task the officers to work with OASIS staff and necessary 3rd parties to host the CSAF Workshops in calendar week 46 (November 10-12).
  - Omar seconds. No discussion, no objections. Motion passed.
- Justin proposes that we have an additional meeting in August to review the comments from CSD-01 and have our regularly scheduled meeting to wrap up any oustanding issues needed for discussion to make sure we can get the next CSD-02 out for public review.
  - Thomas agrees this could be good to have an additional meeting in August.
  - It is proposed to have the meeting on Wednesday August 20th, 2025 at 13:00 ET (to follow the monthly OASIS OpenEoX Meeting)
  - Justin sets the motion to have an additional TC meeting in August on the Wednesday, August 20th, 2025 at 13:00 ET
    - Thomas asks for the clarification if the meeting will counts toward voting eligibility?
    - Response is yes.
    - Omar seconds the motion. No discussion or objections. Motion passed.
    - Omar will send the invite for the August 20th meeting.
  - Thomas mentions the presentation from Christian Banse upcoming for August 18th on the CSAF integration into DependencyTrack (SBOM Matching System).
    - Link: https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/save-the-date-csaf-sbom-matching-presentation-2025-08-18

## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned.

**Note**: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 13:00 ET (19:00 CEST/19:00 CET, 10:00 PT, 17:00/18:00 UTC).
